In this part, the first task is to reorder different species of animals
each animal is characterized by 84 attributes meaning the input space is 84
hidden node is set to 100 as specified meanning we are placing a one-dimensional curve in the 84-dimenstion space
learning rate is fixed to 0.2 for both winner node and neighbor nodes we have tried to set a smaller learning rate for neighbor nodes
which yields different results than the one we show here but the difference is subtle.
Here the results we can see an obvious division between three groups
that insects are grouped together. 
E.g. from beetle to spider. And animals living in both water and on land are also group together. 
E.g. from duck to walrus. Finally, four-legged mammals such as dogs, cats, horses, and so on are grouped together.
When the learning rate is different for neghbor nodes, the order of animals within each group is slightly different
but overall, the three groups remain the same

In the second task, we are again using SOM.  Different from last task, the hidden nodes are arranged in a 2d plane.
And the difference in training is how we define the neighborhood. 
This time the neighbourhood is circular and the suggested range is initially from 2 to 1 and finally to 0.
If we set the epoch to 20, as shown in the plot, it is still far from real data points. When it's 30th epoch,
it close but not perfect. Evetually we set it to 50 to get a more perfect match.

Finaly task is to use SOM to analyze how different factors affect how parliment members votes.
In first plot,Red represents women and blue represents men. The color for each node is proportional to the percentage of a different gender. The more red, the more women. The more blue,  the more men. A perfect purple shows that it has equal numbers of women and men. 
The diameter of the circle is proportional to the number of that particular node among 100 hidden nodes.
As shown here the biggest cluster has 50% of women which suggest gender doesn't affect how people votes.
In second plot,percentage is the dominant party’s percentage for that particular node
The diameter is also proportional to the number of that particular node among 100 hidden nodes
Compared with the previous plot, the data points are better clustered. Most people in the same cluster are of the same party.
The third plot, due to big number of different district, we don't use different color for it
but the number for each node is how many different dictrict this node has. As shown in the plot, the biggest cluster
has 28 different districts and the total number of districts is 29 so we can conclude that district has nothing to do with the vote either